So this was a lot.
Let's be honest,
people have this misconception
perhaps CSS is not too difficult.
And the reality is the syntax is
quite easy to understand, right?
But there's a lot going on, especially
when you start with a high fidelity mock
up and you have no idea how to begin.
So where can you go from here?
There are many Frontend
Master's courses on CSS,
getting started with CSS by Jen Kramer.
There's Dynamic CSS with
Custom Properties with Lea Verou.
She's also written a fantastic
book as well that I can recommend.
There's a CSS Animations and Transitions
course, which I'm certain is super fun.
We've got Sass Fundamentals as well if
you're looking to get into Sass, right?
If this were me and I was really trying
to improve my CSS and become more
of an expert, I would maybe dive into
more animations, learn more about
preprocessors, maybe some CSS frameworks
like Bootstrap or Zurb Foundation,
and maybe even design systems which are a
whole ecosystem that are so fun to learn.
So this is where I might go.
Just a couple of resources
I'd love to share.
If you're going to be playing around,
building your websites,
these are some sites that I found
are great for assets and getting things.
So I've used Unsplash for
all of the images in this course.
And they are linked in
the readme of the repository.
Unsplash, you can search for
different images and
use them of course if you're gonna be
using them proprietarily, is that a word?
If you're gonna be using
them in production,
I would perhaps look into the legality of
what you need to do officious crediting,
the photographer or if it's paying for
but fantastic website.
Again, I mentioned
dribbble with three B's.
So, design portfolios.
It's great for finding mock ups if you
wanna like practice your CSS a fantastic
place to get mock-ups from.
Grid Generator from Sarah Drazner,
again, super fun to play with.
And if you're interested in learning
more about Flexbox and Grid and
practicing them, Grid Garden is a really
fun game where you've got this grid and
little plants and you have to figure out
how the code that you would write to get
them in the right locations.
Same for Flexbox Froggy.
I really appreciate all the help in
the participation today, and thank you for
sticking with me.
If you have questions,
feel free to message me.
And with that, I wish you the best
on your programming journey.
>> [APPLAUSE]